update-docs (#236)
naturerobots/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022: docs/getting-started/improvements.md

# Improvements

The following section contains suggestions for improving the application and may be extended much further.

## Tiling of garden images to increase loading speed

> Administrators of a companies or gardens have the ability to upload a (self-taken) picture of a garden using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators of companies or gardens have the ability to upload a (self-taken) picture of a garden using
```

the web interface. The image can be displayed in the dashboard-, beds- or plants-view in the web interface,
replacing the satellite image at the exact location of the garden, providing a much more detailed
view of the beds and plants.

> User images can have a large filesize, if taken with a high quality camera. This leads to long loading times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User images can have a large filesize, if taken with a drone This leads to long loading times
```

Reviewer 2: @pbrozi @jarkenau For the **file size** (not filesize) it does not matter whether it was made with a good camera or a drone.

Reviewer 2: Large ladder... 🥲 
The whole **if part** just doesn't make sense like that.

of it in the web interface, especially for users having a slow internet connection. For the time downloading

> the image from the database, no image will be displayed.

Reviewer: I don't understand the last sentence

Reviewer 2: During the time that the image has not yet been loaded, it will not be displayed.

To solve this problem, a functionality could be implemented, which splits the uploaded image into many little

> square tiles. A single tile can be loaded much faster, because of the smaller filesize. The tiles will be loaded

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
square tiles. A single tile can be loaded much faster, because of the smaller file size. The tiles will be loaded
```
